# Release Notes

---

## Maintenance team

* [Thomas Akam](https://github.com/ThomasAkam) thomas.akam@psy.ox.ac.uk

--- 

## Change log

### Version 0.3.3 (2023-07-28)

- Fixed incompatibility with recent pyqt6 version.

- Session end times are now recorded to data files in addition to session start times.  Start and end times are now recorded with millisecond rather than second precision.

- Improved handling of errors that occur in code running on pyboard.  In most cases errors that occur on the pyboard are now caught by the GUI and written to ErrorLog.txt.

- Different maximum currents can now be specified in hardware_config for continuous and time division modes.

---

### Version 0.3.2 (2022/10/10)

- Updated GUI code for compatibility with PyQt6.

---

### Version 0.3.1 (2022/06/30)

- Python terminal window no longer opens when GUI is run. Any error messages generated by the GUI are written to an 'ErrorLog.txt' file rather than being printed in the python terminal.

- GUI window now has pyPhotometry taskbar icon rather than generic python icon.

- Changed PyQt app style to 'Fusion' for consistent apearence across platforms.

- LED current commands sent to board during run now use 2 bytes rather than 1 to specify LED current, to support currents larger than 256mA.

---

### Version 0.3 (2020-12-07)

- Added checkbox to de-mean plotted signals, making it easier to visualise both channels when they have different baselines.

- Firmware is now automatically transferred to pyboard by the GUI removing the need for the user to manually copy files to the board.

- Improved handling of serial communication errors during acquisition.

- GUI launcher is now in the pyPhotometry root directory.

- Added informative error message on failure to import dependencies.

- Added button icons.

--- 

### Version 0.2.1 (2019-05-10)

- Fixed bug that caused GUI to crash if an invalid value was entered for plot axis limits.

- Added calculation of digital input pulse times and sample numbers to import_ppd function in data_import.py.

- Improved error handling so errors always provide an error messagewith a traceback indicating where the error occurred.

- Removed Pyperclip dependency.

- Moved hardware configuration to file hardware_config.py that is loaded on the pyboard.  Allows boards with different configurations to be run using the same GUI.

---

### Version 0.2 (2018-11-08)

Version detailed in Scientific Reports Manuscript.

- Added functionality to save data as .csv files.

- Added function for importing *.ppd* files into Matlab.

--- 

### Version 0.1 (2018-10-02)

Version detailed in Biorxiv manuscript.